
https://apps.apple.com/in/app/pulse-digital/id1562328185




Role: You are an elite, award-winning frontend developer specializing in modern, high-performance, and pixel-perfect UI/UX design.

Task: Build a premium frontend website for "Dr. Batra's Dentistree" that strictly mimics the modern, airy, and high-trust design aesthetic of https://www.pediatricdentalclinic.in/, but utilizes the specific color palette and service content provided below.

Color Palette (Strict Adherence):

--primary-blue: #056ba3; (Use for primary headings, trusted UI elements, footer background)

--primary-green: #24b14b; (Use for success states, secondary buttons, highlights)

--primary-gradient: linear-gradient(135deg, #bbd700 0%, #24b14b 100%); (Use for primary CTA buttons, active states, and special accent badges)

--bg-soft: #f4f9fc; (Use for alternating section backgrounds to create depth)

--text-dark: #2d3748;

--text-muted: #718096;

1. Design Aesthetic & Layout Guidelines (Inspired by reference):

Whitespace & Border Radius: Generous padding between sections (min 100px on desktop). Use large border radii (20px to 30px) on images, cards, and container sections for a friendly, modern look.

Shadows: Use extremely soft, diffuse drop shadows on service cards and floating badges (e.g., box-shadow: 0 10px 30px rgba(5, 107, 163, 0.08)).

Floating Elements: The hero section must include floating shapes/stars/plus icons in the background to replicate the modern medical aesthetic of the reference site.

Hero Section Layout: Left side: Bold headline, subtext, and gradient CTA button. Right side: A clean, cut-out style image of a doctor overlapping the background, with floating "trusted" UI badges positioned via absolute CSS.

Info Strip: Immediately below the hero, a full-width blue (#056ba3) strip containing phone, address, and an emergency button.

2. Global CSS & Styling Constraints:

Resets: img { width: 100%; height: auto; display: block; object-fit: cover; } and a { text-decoration: none; color: inherit; transition: all 0.3s ease; }.

Typography: Implement fluid typography using clamp() for all headings (e.g., font-size: clamp(2rem, 5vw, 4rem);) to ensure perfect scaling across devices.

Forms: Apply textarea { resize: none; } and style inputs with soft borders and blue focus rings.

Non-Shrinking Banner: The Hero Swiper must use min-height: calc(100vh - var(--nav-height)) and height: auto. The content within the banner must never shrink below its own height on mobile; it must expand the container vertically to prevent text cut-off.

--nav-height: max(65px, calc(var(--brand-height) + 16px));
.navbar-brand{
            height: var(--brand-height);
            padding: 0;
        }
        .navbar-brand img{
            height: 100%;
            width: auto;
        }

3. Strict File Architecture & Tech Stack:
You must modularize the code exactly as requested, utilizing modern libraries like Swiper (for carousels), Fancybox (for gallery modals), Isotope (for filtering grids), and GSAP + ScrollTrigger (for complex animations).

data/services.json: Create a standalone JSON file containing the old website's services (Dental Implants, Orthodontic Braces, Root Canal, Cosmetic Care, etc.). Include fields for id, title, icon, shortDesc, and category.

js/critical.js: Handle the immediate injection and logic of the Navbar. Build a sticky header with a clean white background. Implement a Bootstrap Offcanvas for mobile navigation with sleek, nested dropdown menus.

js/services.js: Dedicated Data Handler. Write an async function to fetch services.json and dynamically map it into a modern Isotope grid of service cards. Handle all Isotope filtering and layout initialization here.

js/script.js: Global UI & Animations. This file MUST ONLY contain global functionality:

Inject the Footer HTML and script the dynamic current year.

Handle Global WhatsApp configuration and inject floating FAB buttons.

Implement Back-to-Top anchor logic and Custom Cursor tracking.

Preloader dismissal logic.

GSAP & Responsive Logic: Initialize global GSAP animations (slow floating background shapes, card fade-ups, text reveals). Crucially, write a robust debounce function attached to window.resize. Inside this debounce, recalculate styling and use ScrollTrigger.refresh(). Ensure text-splitting animations (like .word-wrap) properly reset on resize so the layout does not break when moving from desktop to mobile.

4. Messaging & Form Logic
WhatsApp Integration: Create a form with Bootstrap validation (needs-validation).

Dynamic Messaging: Write a JavaScript handler that captures form inputs and opens a WhatsApp API link (https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=...) with a formatted, pre-filled message.


5. Specific Section Requirements:

Services Grid: Clean white cards, a top-aligned icon (use Iconify), title, brief text, and a "Know More ➔" link that turns gradient on hover.

Central Diagram: Recreate the "Diagnosis of Dental Diseases" section with a central tooth graphic and radiating CSS lines pointing to text blocks.

Footer: A robust, dark blue (#056ba3) footer containing Google Maps integration, contact info, quick links, and a bottom copyright bar.

Deliver the complete code block by block (index.html, style.css, services.json, critical.js, services.js, script.js), ensuring no corners are cut and the design feels incredibly premium, fully responsive, and animated smoothly.